avg_GP integer,
avg_GS integer,
avg_MIN float,
avg_FG_made float,
avg_FG_attempted float,
avg_FGpercent float,
avg_ThreeP_made float,
avg_ThreeP_attempted float,
avg_ThreePpercent float,
avg_FT_made float,
avg_FT_attempted float,
avg_FTpercent float,
avg_OR float,
avg_DR float,
avg_REB float,
avg_AST float,
avg_BLK float,
avg_STL float,
avg_PF float,
avg_TO float,
avg_PTS float,
total_FG_made integer,
total_FG_attempted integer,
total_FGpercent float,
total_ThreeP_made integer,
total_ThreeP_attempted integer,
total_ThreePpercent float,
total_FT_made integer,
total_FT_attempted integer,
total_FTpercent float,
total_OR float,
total_DR integer,
total_REB integer,
total_AST integer,
total_BLK integer,
total_STL integer,
total_PF integer,
total_TO integer,
total_PTS integer,
misc_total_DBLDBL integer,
misc_total_TRIDBL integer,
misc_total_DQ integer,
misc_total_EJECT integer,
misc_total_TECH integer,
misc_total_FLAG integer,
misc_total_AST_TO float,
misc_total_STL_TO float,
misc_total_RAT float,
misc_total_SCEFF float,
misc_total_SHEFF float,